[error-tracking] Apply general doc update (#28724)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/error_tracking/error_grouping.md

* Custom grouping takes precedence over the default strategy.
* Custom grouping can be applied only to a subset of your errors and can coexist with the default strategy.

> * The content of `error.fingerprint` is used as-is without any modification (albeit converted to a standardized fingerprint format).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The content of `error.fingerprint` is used as-is without any modification (although it is converted to a standardized fingerprint format).
```
